https://share-with-aman.herokuapp.com/

Share-with-aman is a Web App which gives users the functionality to share files over the internet without file size limit issue.

Basically, the reason behind the development of this is - I have been facing some little bit issues to share files which are of greater sizes.
Before the banning of chinese apps it was easy to do this task. But after banning there are a lot of third party indian apps which shows a lot of ads on their UI more than providing the service.

And If I go for gmail, then there the max file size limit is 25MB. 

Hence, I developed my own sharing app. It is deployed on Heroku.

I have built this app on top of the following technologies - MongoDB (database), ExpressJS (Server side JS) , NodeJS ( for Runtime), AJAX (To make HTTP Requests), and standard HTML5 and CSS3.

What this app basically does is, A user when uploads a file which is done using multer package. The file is uploaded to the MongoDB Database using an API. After that, it generates a link to that proper webpage from where the following uploaded file can be downloaded. Also, it has a feature by which a user can send mail to a recipient client with the generated download link. ( Email task is performed using Sendinblue) 





// Why do you want to join ...
Being a student, I will be highly obliged to be get selected.

It's always a  great thing to me to enhance my skills and learn new skills in the tech industry. And I think Crio.do winter of doing will really help me a lot to achieve this. :)

I possess knowledge and experience in the following skills:

	Web Development - 		HTML5,CSS3, Vanilla JS, Bootstrap. --> Frontend. 
			 
			Node JS, Express JS, MongoDB, API's, REACT --> Backend.
			
			Other Skills -> Git and Github, Heroku
	Programming and Problems Solving skills --> Competitive Programmer, Data Structures and Algorithms.
	
I think I will be great fit for this externship program because I have a can do attitude toward learning and acquiring new skills. I will be able to provide my undivided attention and focus to each and every task I have been assigned to. 
